README.md, before:

# dataworks-aws-s3-object-tagger

## S3 Object tagger application infrastructure

This repo contains Makefile and base terraform folders and jinja2 files to fit the standard pattern.
This repo is a base to create new Terraform repos, renaming the template files and adding the githooks submodule, making the repo ready for use.

Running aviator will create the pipeline required on the AWS-Concourse instance, in order pass a mandatory CI ran status check.  this will likely require you to login to Concourse, if you haven't already.

After cloning this repo, please generate `terraform.tf` and `terraform.tfvars` files:  
`make bootstrap`

In addition, you may want to do the following: 

1. Create non-default Terraform workspaces as and if required:  
    `make terraform-workspace-new workspace=<workspace_name>` e.g.  
    ```make terraform-workspace-new workspace=qa```

1. Configure Concourse CI pipeline:
    1. Add/remove jobs in `./ci/jobs` as required 
    1. Create CI pipeline:  
`aviator`

Commit message:

Update readme (#24)
Signed-off-by: Connor Avery <ConnorAvery@digital.uc.dwp.gov.uk>

Co-authored-by: Connor Avery <ConnorAvery@digital.uc.dwp.gov.uk>

README.md, after:

# dataworks-aws-s3-object-tagger

## S3 Object tagger application infrastructure

This repo deploys out the infrastructure required for the s3-object-tagger application. This includes an AWS Batch Compute environment, a shared job definition which uses the docker image release of [dataworks-s3-object-tagger](https://github.com/dwp/dataworks-s3-object-tagger)
and finally a batch job queue per service which requires one. (Currently: PDM, Payment Timelines and Clive)

## Configuring the documents to be tagged
Update the data-classification.csv file with the correct information.

## When does the object tagging run
Any of these cases will cause the object tagger to run across the route to live:

1) An update to the data-classification.csv RBAC file.
2) A manual kick off of the pipeline, see the 'object-tagging' pipeline in Concourse.
3) An automatic EventBridge rule, with a target to initiate the AWS Batch job (configured outside of this repo and in the services repo. eg Clives own repo)

Note: The utility tasks handle the functional running of the object tagging, see the 'object-tagging' pipeline in Concourse.
The 's3-object-tagger-infra' pipeline rolls out the infrastructure.
